Ladies and Gentlemen, 

good afternoon. 

I've delivered various speeches in my lifetime, as the 56th President of the United Nations General Assembly, former Prime Minister of South Korea, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador to the United States, and so on. But today, I would like to speak as the founder of GG56 -- a company dedicates itself to better user experience in travel industry -- and share the drive of its starting up. 

GG56 is named after my life philosophy during my career in the United Nations General Assembly: Global Goods of 5 Ocean and 6 Continents. It has always been the vision of the United Nations and a final goal of the international society. Global Goods require us to trust and collaberate with each other to reach win-win results though, the complicated situation cuased by multilateral issues -- such as what's happening between the United States and China -- is obviously going against it. In my humble opinion, such issues are caused, at most of the time, by issue of trust. the United States concerns China will not rise peacefully and believes they should react. But if we trust each other more as we realized how important trust can be no matter in daily life or interntional communication, there would be less conflicts. A new and better world would also be unfoled in front of us. And blockchain happens to be the right exploration and solution of issue of trust. 

Blockchain solves issue of trust by decentralized storage. It will eradicate the evil left by the age of big data, and improve the relationship between the society, market, and government to further promote the reconstruction of the public-private boundary and governance value. Blockchain brings innovative models in many fields such as macro-control, economic and social supervision, public services, data governance, and social credit investigation. However, due to the limitation of development, it also faces challenges of supervision and capitalization.

I believe blockchain will be the next generation of Internet. It will reconstruct this world. Hereby I founded GG56, hoping to dedicate my efforts in the 4th industrial revolution. I also deelpy appreciate the efforts made by the International Industrial Investment Platform about breaking through the predicament of token economy application. BTour Chain, a noval tourism platform funded by GG56, will collaberate with other blockchain projects to explore the boundary of token-applied economy mode as well. I'm really excited and can't wait to witness the future of our efforts. 

Today, I want to express thanks and regrads to BitHacks blockchain community and the blockchain club of international students of Zhejiang University. They are both important partners of BTour Chain China. I believe young people like them will definitely bring progresses to this industry. 

I wish your event a complete success. 




